---
layout: default
title: about
---

# About

This site is a relatively recent project to serve as both my professional portfolio and personal website. As I have many people with whom I'd like to stay connected and am rather nonparticipant in social media, it can act as a useful means of keeping them apprised of my life. And as I am currently applying to employers who need full and well-considered pictures of their potential employees, both technically and personally, it will be useful to have a complete virtual portrait of myself (I refuse to let LinkedIn count). While technology is so currently hindering our capacity to connect—whether in the AI crisis or social media addiction—I believe things like this site are appropriate and appreciable uses of modern social tech.

I am a recent graduate of [Tufts University](https://engineering.tufts.edu/ece){:target="_blank"}, where I majored in Electrical Engineering with a Music Engineering minor. 
At school, my focus was split between embedded firmware and core physics (optics and acoustics). I love technical roles with a socially conscious mission, and have pursued [experience in engineering for medicine, music, and renewable energy]({{site.resume}}){:target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"}. 

In my heart, I am most interested in stories—the stories of fiction, physics, and people. The genres change, but the purpose is preserved. Since I could read I read constantly, several books a month, and have [always loved writing](https://dcohencreations.weebly.com/){:target="_blank"}. I can use this site as a literary blog or to self-publish a serial! I also find great purpose in music, and have been practicing the drums for over ten years. Since sophomore year of high school, I have consistently played [music in a band of friends](https://www.instagram.com/chowdaband/?hl=en){:target="_blank"} and have performed live on radio, for school events, and at local bars and clubs. I'd love to join a band, and use this site to promote my shows or eventually recorded sound. More recently, I have acquired some massive, awesome passive speakers and an old receiver. Wiring the sound system was a great joy and playing lossless CDs through great speakers was otherworldly... at the intersection of my love for music and electricity, I've aimed my employment pursuits most towards audio electronics. 

Technically, this site is markdown/CSS generated by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/){:target="_blank"} and hosted on [GitHub Pages](https://docs.github.com/en/pages){:target="_blank"}. I've made many joke websites through sites like Weebly or Wordpress, but there is just something nice about plaintext and version control.

At any rate, I moved to Berkeley, CA in July 2025 to seek a job, my friends, and my fortune. I'm still looking!